OAuth2 improvements (#1419)
camptocamp/c2cwsgiutils: README.md

`c2c.auth.github.client_secret` to define the GitHub application secret (required)

Using the environment variable `C2C_AUTH_GITHUB_SCOPE` or the config key `c2c.auth.github.scope` to define

> the GitHub scope (default is `repo`)

Reviewer: I do not understand what is a GitHub scope, default is 'repo' but what are other possible values ?

Author: Just added link to GitHub documentation :-)

Using the environment variable `C2C_AUTH_GITHUB_REPO_URL` or the config key `c2c.auth.github.repo_url` to
define the GitHub auth URL (default is `https://api.github.com/repo`)

Using the environment variable `C2C_AUTH_GITHUB_PROXY_URL` or the config key `c2c.auth.github.auth.proxy_url` to

> define a redirect proxy between GitHub and our application to be able to share an OAuth2 application on GitHub (default is no proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define a redirect proxy between GitHub and our application to be able to authenticate users on different GitHub repositories, depending on (I do not really know what, probably something in the request).
```
It desserve something to understand it completely, maybe a link to the proxy repo.

Author: This is not related to `authenticate users on different GitHub repositories` but to `OAuth2 application on GitHub`...
Lint to the proxy added :-)
